what's going on everyone my name is wade
patterson and i'm so happy you've landed
on this video which is the sixth
in an eight part series on impactful
communication
on social media the first video i did
was all about
facebook and birthdays and taking the
online offline
the second video was about linkedin and
things like
leaving a recommendation or writing
a post publishing a post or doing a
linkedin story
the third video was about instagram and
how you can make the most out of dms and
reels the fourth video was about twitter
and how so many people are talking and
not that many people are listening and
if you listen you'll reap the benefit
and the last video was about youtube and
how by
interviewing other people you can
actually grow your channel quicker
in this video i'm really excited because
i'm talking about a brand new social
media app that
seems to be all the rage and that is
clubhouse so you might be wondering what
is clubhouse
it is an audio only social media app
which feels like a 24 7 conference
where you can choose any topic any
subject you want
and you can be in a room with the likes
of elon musk or mark zuckerberg
or damon john from shark tank or all of
these people
who have recently in the last few weeks
been using
this social media app it is innovative
and there is so much potential
for how you can leverage it and how i
see people building their personal
brands or
their business brand on this platform by
being thought leaders in the space
now before i jump into the positives
about clubhouse
let's talk about the negatives the
negative
sorry android users is that
clubhouse is currently only available on
apple products such as the iphone
or ipad therefore there's a huge segment
of people who are kind of
blocked out of using clubhouse for now
however don't let that deter you from
learning about it because
eventually clubhouse is going to be
available on
android of course and once you have
availability to it you're going to want
to hit the ground running because like i
said there are a lot of opportunities
in this space the other downside i guess
could be perceived as that
is that it is invite only so to join
clubhouse you actually need somebody to
send you an
invite code now many people
have these who have joined they have
extra invites and these can actually be
earned by
interacting and engaging more on the
platform therefore
don't panic too much if you haven't been
invited yet
likely you can reach out to your social
media network and someone will have an
extra clubhouse invite
they can send you or you can comment
below on this video i'll do my best i
have a few kicking around right now
i'd be happy to invite you to the
platform so what is it once you're in
clubhouse how does it work
well basically you build your profile
just like you would build any other
social media profile
and once you're within the clubhouse app
you can start
following different subjects or topics
you're interested in for example for
myself i'm interested in real estate so
that's
one of the areas i follow i'm also
interested in cryptocurrencies
and there are many different people and
channels that i can connect with
and this auto builds kind of a news feed
for me of different
rooms that i can join at any given time
which may be of interest to me
you can also start following other
people who perhaps you
already know on clubhouse there will be
a big list of suggested people to follow
when you join
and when you follow these people you can
see in real time
who is participating in which room
therefore if you see one of your good
friends or colleagues in a room you
might jump into that room so you can be
involved
in the same conversation when you jump
into a room
your mic is automatically muted and you
are a member of the audience
you can't just turn your mic on at any
point and start talking
in order to do that you need to be
invited to what they call
the stage which is a virtual term which
basically explains you have access to
turn
on your mic and also to mute yourself if
you'd like to be
up on the virtual stage or if you'd like
to ask a question
you can raise your hand which is an icon
in the bottom right hand corner
and that essentially allows a moderator
to bring you up
and you will have the ability to turn on
your mic
when asked which is just the little
microphone button
and then when you're finished speaking
the etiquette is to mute yourself
afterward and if it's a collaborative
conversation you can
stay on the stage or you can leave
quietly
as well if you're interested in leading
the conversation
i think that is where this opportunity
lies and that's my biggest tip i
promised i'd give tips for different
social media networks
the tip for clubhouse is to first off
just start using it start popping into
rooms start
experimenting start learning because
there's so much great information being
shared on this platform
but the second tip or challenge with
clubhouse is to actually
host a room to moderate a room
and one method that tends to work well
is to invite other people who
kind of act like panelists who are going
to be part of the discussion
so you can create this discussion and
almost treat it like an interview
but then as people join in the room as
well since you're a moderator you can
request that somebody comes up on stage
and unmutes themselves and gets involved
in the conversation
or you can verbally just ask people to
raise their hand if they would like
to participate in the conversation
because sometimes people will be on the
go they'll be busy doing something else
and they don't have access to quickly
grab their
mic and start talking therefore by
leaving it up to them to raise their
hand
if they want to speak if they want to
say something they will have
the ability to do so on their own but by
leading these rooms and by getting
comfortable with moderating these
conversations
again you are putting yourself across as
a thought leader in the space as
somebody
who has expertise as somebody who is
giving
value and content and facilitating a
conversation
around what other people are interested
in the number of people doing this there
are more and more
every day that are taking on clubhouse
conversations
but it is so early if you are watching
this video
when it is close to the release date of
when i release it
you are early you are going to be one of
the first to do this
and like so many things with social
media the biggest benefit
happens when it's early on that's
usually where the biggest
roi is i hope this video on clubhouse
the sixth video in the series was
helpful for you hopefully you learned
something about this new social media
app
i would appreciate it if you checked out
the other videos in this eight part
series which all have tips about how to
be an impactful communicator on social
media
if you liked this content then give it
that like
thumbs up comment below subscribe
turn on notifications all of the above
would be amazing thank you so much for
watching this
and i will see you on the next video